# RCViz: Researcher Collaboration Visualizer

This tool generates a KML file that visualizes collaborations between researchers on a map. The KML file can be opened with Google Earth or other KML viewers.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- requests
- geopy
- lxml
- scholarly
- tqdm

## Usage

To use the tool, first install the required dependencies:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then, simply run the script and provide the <name> and <affiliation> of the researcher as arguments:

```example
python3 rclviz "Paulo Freire" "Universidade Federal de Pernambuco"
```

The script will generate a KML file with the name of the researcher and their coauthors. The file can be opened with Google Earth or other KML viewers.

## Use Case: Creating a Google Maps Visualization of Collaborations

To generate a map in Google Maps using the resulting .kml file, follow these steps:

* Open Google Maps on your web browser.
* Click on the three horizontal lines in the top left corner of the screen and select "Your Places" from the dropdown menu.
* Click on the "Maps" tab and then click on "Create Map".
* In the "Import" section, select "KML file" and upload the .kml file generated by the Researcher Collaboration Visualizer.
* Once the file is uploaded, Google Maps will display the locations of the authors and their connections on the map.

**Note:** Google Maps may not display all of the connections if there are too many authors or connections in the .kml file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
